add a code of conduct (#278)
thoth-station/core: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

### Contributor Code of Conduct

As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of fostering
an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who contribute
through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating documentation,
submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and expression,
sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age,
religion, or nationality.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Personal attacks
* Trolling or insulting/derogatory comments
* Public or private harassment

> * Publishing others' private information, such as physical or electronic addresses,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Publishing private information of others, such as physical or electronic addresses,
```

 without explicit permission
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not
aligned to this Code of Conduct. By adopting this Code of Conduct, project maintainers
commit themselves to fairly and consistently applying these principles to every aspect
of managing this project. Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of
Conduct may be permanently removed from the project team.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. All repositories

> unter https://github.com/thoth-station/ are considered the project or its community.

Reviewer 2: *under

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior in Project Thoth may

> be reported by contacting the <aicoe-thoth@redhat.com>.

Reviewer 3: `the` before the email address doesn't make sense, maybe change it to `at <aicoe-...>`?
